(Yugo)
I'm so glad
you're okay, Rin.
It must have been terrible
being locked up in here.
I mean,
not as terrible
as not getting
to be around me,
not that you really
missed me or anything,
or wished I was here,
right?
(Rin)
Aw, you think too much.
Of course I wished
you were here, y' dope.
(laughing)
So I could do this!
Aah!
Uhh!
(Kite)
Shay! Aster!
Hey, I guess you're
feeling better, Shay.
You bet, and it's
all thanks to this guy.
As soon as I was
given the all clear,
I was ready to come
to Duel Academy
and rescue Lulu.
Eh, Shay said
he didn't need any help,
but I promised to
tag along just in case.
Aster says
they're holding Lulu
on top of that tower,
the one you just
fell from
without a parachute.
What happened up there?
It was Lulu, Shay.
She pushed me.
That can't be!
(Kite)
But it is.
Your sister's changed.
(sinister laughter)
I don'’’t believe you!
Lulu!
No, Shay, wait up!
It sounds like
the Doctor got to her!
Who is this Doctor?
He'’’s the Professor'’’s
right hand man,
an expert on
mind manipulation.
So the Prof's
controlling Lulu's mind?
That means Rin could be
under his spell too!
You gotta move!
Head over to the East Tower.
Find a guy named Yugo and
warn him before it's too late!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's show time,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Falling from a 10‐story
window isn't so bad,
but the landing is.
Luckily,
something broke my fall.
Huh?
Aah!
It broke my fall, but I may
have broken my Duel Runner!
No, no, no!
C'’’mon, work! Uhh!
If I had known, I would'’’ve
aimed for the pavement!
I hope there aren't
any dents or dings
or I'll never forgive myself!
(Rin)
Forget about
that piece of scrap metal.
You've got bigger problems!
Scrap metal?
RinRin, I can't believe
you would say this
about our Duel Runner.
Sure, I was
the brains behind it,
but I never could'’’ve built it
without your help.
C'mon, think back on how much
fun we had pouring over plans
and how I was able to find
every bargain out there!
Together,
we made our dream come true.
Yeah, it was
a nightmare sometimes,
but in the end, we built
the ultimate dueling machine
that we hoped could take us all
the way to the Friendship Cup!
Don't you remember?
Sound like
a pretty lame dream.
But you know
what isn't lame?
Crushing you!
(groaning)
You're so mean!
I guess some
things never change,
so let'’’s settle this
the old fashioned way!
(both)
Let's duel!
I'll make the first move.
I'm activating the spell card
Chime of the Windwitch!
Call my Windwitch Ice Bell
from the Northern Lands!
And then, I'll summon
a second Ice Bell!
My Ice Bell's
special ability
will put a chill
on your life points.
With a wave
of her Winterwand,
she'll send
a blast of frigid air
that weakens you
by 500 points!
(groaning)
And what one can do,
so can the other.
(groaning)
So cold!
She's used Ice Bell
1,000 times against me
since we were kids,
and she also beat me
1,000 times with them!
Then you know
that when I have
at least two Windwitches
on my field,
I can summon my Tuner Monster,
Windwitch Snow Bell!
Level 1 Snow Bell tunes
my two level 3 Ice Bells!
I'm summoning a monster
that will hit you
with all the power of
a wicked wintertime blizzard!
I Synchro Summon!
Windwitch Winter Bell!
Unleash your frosty powers,
Winter Bell!
I can choose one Windwitch
in my graveyard
and activate
her special ability,
and I choose Ice Bell,
letting me deal you
500 more points of damage!
I place one face down
and end my turn.
All right.
Yugo, it's your turn now.
Let's see if you're
still as bad a driver
as you are a duelist.
Ah!
Catch me if you can!
If? There's
no doubt about it!
(thinking)
I don't what's gotten into Rin,
but whatever it is,
I gotta set her straight!
Sure, she's gotten
mad at me before,
but tossing me out a window
and dissing our runner,
that's a whole new level
of mad.
I know being locked up
wasn't any fun,
but why are you
taking it out on me?
(thinking)
Uhh! Whatever.
At least I know she
hasn't totally changed.
She's still playing
her usual cards,
and that means the real Rin
is still inside her,
and there's only one way
to get her back
and that's to defeat her
in this duel
and remind her
who she once was!
I draw!
And I'’’ll start by trotting out
Speedroid Horse Stilts!
Go!
And my Horse Stilts
lets me summon
a Tuner Monster
from my stable,
so roll on out,
Speedroid Tri‐Eyed Dice!
Then I'll give my
level 3 Tri‐Eyed Dice
and my level 4
Speedroid Horse Stilts
a quick tune up!
If this monster won't
bring Rin to her senses,
I don'’’t know what will!
I Synchro Summon!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
Remember, Rin?
You loved Clear Wing
just as much as me.
If it's not good enough
to bring you
back to your senses,
then maybe nothing is.
You loved Clear Wing
just as much as me.
If it's not good enough
to bring you back
to your senses,
then maybe nothing is.
C'mon, Rin, think back!
Back to when you'd
cheer for us to win!
RinRin!
I activate
my trap, Lost Wind!
It blows away Clear Wing's
special abilities
and then slashes its
attack points in half!
My dragon! Not cool, Rin.
Not cool at all!
(Doctor chuckling evilly)
(Doctor)
My Parasite is a greater
success than I imagined!
Once my Fusion Parasite worms
its way to the brain,
it attaches
and thoroughly dissects
every memory of its host.
By manipulating
this knowledge,
it takes complete control
of you, both body and mind.
(sinister laughter)
And the best part of all,
I programmed the Parasite
so that she would pledge
her eternal loyalty
to you, Professor.
I applaud your efforts,
but I do have one concern.
It's this‐‐ those girls
must be kept safe
for my Arc Area Project
to succeed.
No harm can come to them.
I'm aware of
their importance, sir.
No harm will come to
the girls, I promise.
My Parasite Monsters
will see to that!
As for the other guests,
they may not be
as fortunate.
My dad should've reached
Duel Academy by now.
I hope he's okay.
So, like,
what's your dad's beef
with the professor,
anyway?
(Declan)
It all started with a promise
Yusho made to me
three years ago,
a promise that even
you don't know about, Yuya.
To you?
What kind o' promise?
It all stems from my first trip
to the Fusion dimension.
Yes, I've been here before.
That's when I learned that
my father planned to invade,
conquer, and unify
every existing dimension
in some misguided plan
for peace.
I knew of only one
duelist skilled enough
to conquer him, Yuya‐‐
your father.
Your father promised
to stop mine,
but he said he'd do it
his own way,
whatever that meant,
and I haven't
seen him since.
I know what he meant.
My dad wants to stop Leo
without having to fight,
because that's
what my dad does.
Yuya, your dad may be
overly optimistic
if he thinks he can stop
Leo Akaba without a fight.
How so?
I didn't think much of
meeting Celina here years ago,
but after meeting
you and Zuzu,
one minor detail
from my past
suddenly became
more important.
What was it?
Yeah, spill it.
(Declan)
I hacked my father's
computer to investigate
his experiments
in the Arc Area Project
and found a folder
labeled "Revival Zero."
Revival... Zero?
What's that
s'posed t' mean?
Reviving zero?
Sounds like hooey!
I'm afraid I don't have
any more insight
than you do
on its meaning.
What I do know
is that the folder
contained two files.
Bet one of 'em was Celina.
(Declan)
That is correct.
And as for
the other file...
Who was it, Declan?
The other file was on a boy
by the name of Yuri,
the boy
from this dimension
who looks
just like you, Yuya,
and the one who tried
to kidnap Zuzu.
He's bad news.
(Declan)
I can only conclude
that Revival Zero
is at the heart
of the Arc Area Project,
but how is unclear.
What is clear is that
if he has a file on Yuri,
then, Yuya,
Revival Zero
must have something
to do with you too.
In fact, all versions
of you, Yuya,
and all versions of Zuzu.
Just great. This keeps
sounding worse and worse.
Stay focused.
You have to!
Listen,
all of these details
are actually
complicating matters,
so let's keep this simple
and get back to basics.
Leo has captured all four‐‐
Zuzu, Lulu,
Rin and Celina‐‐
to execute
his Arc Area Project.
He needs them
or his plan will fail.
I don't know why
and I don't care.
All I care about
is stopping him,
so Lancers, let's rescue
those four girls.
If your mind's
been boggled,
then I'll un‐boggle it
by winning this duel,
and not just by winning,
but by winning it my way!
No matter what it takes,
I'll find a way to
bring the old Rin back!
You will remember,
and that's one promise
that I'll never forget!
(Doctor)
You can't save her...
but watching you fail
should be quite amusing.
You're going down!
(laughing)
Time to ice that dragon,
Winter Bell!
Attack!
(groaning)
By banishing Tri‐Eyed
Dice from my graveyard,
I'll save you, Clear Wing!
You're just delaying
the inevitable.
I activate the spell card
Chime of the Windwitch!
It lets me summon
a monster from my hand
whose level is lower
than my Winter Bell!
So I summon Fusion Parasite!
Ew, gross!
Where'd that come from?
That's not one
of your cards, Rin!
You couldn't be
more wrong.
This is the most
precious card I have.
It's invaluable.
I can use it to Fusion Summon
without Polymerization!
You Fusion Summon?
I do now!
Watch as I fuse
Windwitch Winter Bell
with my Fusion Parasite!
These two are gonna
merge to form a monster
that'll send shivers
down your spine!
I Fusion Summon!
Windwitch Crystal Bell!
When did you start
using Fusion Monsters?
Since I started wising up!
When I use my Parasite
to Fusion Summon,
it equips itself
onto Crystal Bell.
What's wrong with you,
Rin? You're dueling
like you're an honor
student at Duel Academy.
(Doctor)
Ah, you're more right
than you realize.
Rin is now fighting
on our side, dear boy,
so I'm afraid the girl
you once knew so well
is never to return.
Crystal Bell!
Attack Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon!
Aah!
(groaning)
Huh?
No! Our Duel Runner!
You totaled it.
It's not even
under warranty!
Really, Yugo?
Tears for a bicycle?
Who cares about
that hunk of junk?
Hunk of junk?
We spent weeks, months
building this hunk
of junk together
because this was
gonna be our ticket
to having a real life!
Riding this Duel Runner
was the only time
we felt free!
You couldn't have
forgotten that!
I know you haven'’’t!
I really don't care, Yugo.
Crystal Bell lets me
use the special ability
of one monster
in my graveyard,
and I choose Ice Bell
to send a blast
of biting air
directly at you,
blasting away 500
more life points!
Aah!
You're as bashed up
as that Duel Runner,
while I
am in perfect shape.
Your life points are
running on fumes.
Face it.
You're through.
So, I'll accept
your surrender now.
Me, surrender?
I don't think so.
If there's one thing
you should remember
about me,
it's the fact
that I don't give up,
no matter what!
I traveled through
dimensions just for you,
and you think
I'm gonna turn back
when I'm this close
to the finish line?
(groaning)
If I did that,
the real Rin
would call me a loser!
And I'm not a loser!
But you will be
soon enough, Yugo.
The poor boy still
thinks he can save Rin.
I would admire his persistence
if it wasn't so pathetic.
I draw!
Hmm!
I'm summoning
the Tuner Monster
Speedroid Red‐Eyed Dice!
Next, I activate
the spell card
Shadow Stepper
and use your Windwitch
Crystal Bell
to my advantage!
You see, it lets me
bring back a monster
from my graveyard
whose level is lower
than your Crystal Bell!
So, Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon,
you'’’re making a comeback!
(roaring)
I tune Red‐Eyed Dice
with Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon
to pave the way
for an even
mightier dragon!
Watch as the essence
of that monster
takes shape.
Watch as it is forged
by raw power!
I Synchro Summon!
Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon!
(roaring)
Now, let's do this!
Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon, attack!
And due to
its special ability,
Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon
gains your monster's
attack points!
Fusion Monsters
aren'’’t your style,
so my dragon's gonna 86 it!
So, watch out!
Swoop on in, Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon!
You think
that's gonna work?
Guess you already forgot
about Crystal Bell'’’s
special ability.
I get to use
the special ability
of any monster
in our graveyards,
and I choose
your very own
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
What?
I'm using your own monster's
ability against you
to automatically destroy
your Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon!
Two can play
at that game!
Crystal Wing Synchro
Dragon's special ability
destroys your monster
as well!
I'’’m still
one step ahead of you.
My Fusion Parasite
takes the fall
instead of my Crystal Bell!
But my attack
still gets through!
Aah!
(groaning)
Rin, you okay?
Listen, you're
gonna be all right!
Just open your eyes
for me, okay?
C'mon! Please, Rin!
Wake up!
Yu... go.
Thank goodness!
You had me worried,
like, for real.
(relieved crying)
Now we don't
have to fight anymore!
(relieved crying)
But why?
You and I are still
in the middle of a duel.
Huh?
When Crystal Bell
is destroyed,
I can bring back
Winter Bell
and Fusion Parasite
from my graveyard.
RinRin?
(groaning)
Fusion Parasite
allows me to fuse
these two monsters
and summon Windwitch
Crystal Bell once again.
Then, Fusion Parasite
equips itself
onto Crystal Bell.
Aw, man, I thought
this was over!
My Parasite has taken
complete control of her now!
There isn't anything that
Yugo can do to free her.
Huh?
You know what?
I bet it's
that Fusion Parasite
that's doing
a whack job on her!
The old Rin would never
use that slippery slug.
She hates bugs!
Crystal Bell's special
ability activates.
I activate Ice Bell's
special ability
from the graveyard to deal
you 500 points of damage
which will wipe out
all of your life points!
No, wait!
Whoa!
(thudding)
(groaning)
(panting)
Celina!
What's gotten into you?
You're supposed
to be on my side!
On your side?
Get real!
I'’’m working for
the Professor now.
C'mon! Let me out!
Wait!
(Sylvio)
Really? No elevators? Really?
Mm‐hmm. We could take the long
way 'round to Duel Academy,
but it would take forever.
Forever will
take too long,
so what do ya say
we get some sweatin' in
and go climb that cliff?
C'mon,
we're wasting time.
The cliff it is.
It's time to strike!
(battle cries)